[PHONE LINE RINGING]
[LOW OMINOUS MUSIC]
- MAN: Yeah?
- WOMAN ON PHONE: It's me.
Remember what we talked about?
Take care of the problem.
This is a lot of money
we're talking about here.
- You understand?
- Yeah, I got this.
Don't let me down.
[CAR ENGINE RUMBLES]
Watch my back and
don't fuck this up.
[DOOR OPENS]
[MUTTERING SILENTLY]
- [DOOR BELLS JINGLE]
- [FOOTSTEPS APPROACH]
[DARK MUSIC]
Come on, come on, come on.
[ENGINE RUMBLES AND FADES]
[QUIET UNEASY MUSIC]
[DOG BARKS IN DISTANCE]
[SOFT THUD]
[PHONE BUZZES]
[ENGINE STARTS AND REVS]
[TENSE MUSIC]
RADIO NEWSREADER: In local
news, police are still looking
for two masked men after
reports of an armed robbery
at McCarthy's Payday
Loans in Shamrock.
Gunshots were heard on the
street at approximately 11pm.
Witnesses reported
a dark BMW plate...
[STATIC ON RADIO]
[PHONE BUZZES]
- Hello.
- WOMAN ON PHONE: He fucked us.
- What?
- Detour, Creston Ave.
The bus stop outside
the hardware store.
- He's waiting for you there.
- Who's waiting for...
what? What's going on?
The kid, he fucked us.
He can't be trusted.
Drive him over here
and we'll do the rest.
- You can have his cut.
- I don't want his cut.
That was not our deal.
I'm not your errand boy.
Just get him here, make sure
you're not being followed.
Just get... get someone else.
Don't let him know
anything's up.
Wait. What did he do?
[LINE CLICKS AND BEEPS]
Hello?
[MUTTERS]
[PHONE BEEPING]
[PHONE LINE RINGING]
[LINE BEEPS]
[ENGINE REVVING]
[KEYPAD CLACKS]
What the hell is this?
I'm sorry we're late.
I lost track of time.
We were getting ice-cream.
I gotta drop her
off at her mom's.
It's only a couple
blocks from here.
Do I look like a taxi to you?
Please, I have to.
Man, I just got the call.
How would I have known?
You mind if I put
her in the back?
Leave it! Don't.
This is bullshit.
Sorry.
I can't help it, man.
Do they always just call
in the middle of nowhere,
like just, "Let's go"?
[DOOR THUDS]
Do not slam the doors.
Where?
- Oakmere.
- Oakmere?
You know we're on
a schedule, right?
That is a six-minute detour.
This is not daddy-daughter day.
[ENGINE STARTS]
Hey. [SNORTS LIKE A PIG]
[GIRL GIGGLES] Oink!
Yeah. [CHUCKLES]
So how does this work?
Do we just go, collect
our cut and that's it
or are we getting another job?
What are you thinking?
Don't worry about
her, by the way.
She... she's three years old.
She's not gonna be
talking to anybody.
Yeah, well, in this car,
we don't talk about our
business in front of anyone.
Definitely.
[TENDER MUSIC]
[BLOWS RASPBERRY]
Hey, we'll get some
ice-cream tomorrow, alright?
Yeah.
Daddy's gotta go
pick up some money.
[MUSIC DARKENS]
MAN 1: You're closing
early tonight.
[SIGHS]
[SHOTGUN COCKS]
Stop what you're doing
or I'm gonna blow
your fucking head off.
You don't wanna do this.
Oh, but I'm sure
I fucking want to.
- Stay right there!
- Dad?
Shut the fuck up!
Hit the lights.
MAN 2: You got it.
What you fucking
waiting for? Get up!
[DARK MUSIC]
Come on, come on, come on.
Do you know who I am?
I know exactly who you are.
Then you know you're making
a big fucking mistake.
Yeah? Is that
supposed to scare me?
I've been in this line
of work over 40 years.
You think you're
the first asshole
to wave a gun in my face?
- Get the fuck up!
- Let me tell you...
no-one has ever tried
stealing from me
and lived long enough
to spend a fucking dime.
Yeah, is that right? Get
down. Get the fuck down!
I'll be the first
one to do it right.
[GUN COCKING]
You had your chance to just
walk right out of here.
Put the fucking gun down!
MAN 2: No-one needs to get hurt!
GIRL: Where's Mommy?
MAN: I'm gonna drop you
off with your Mommy.
WOMAN: What are you doing here?
MAN: Listen, I have to go
pick up the money, alright?
- WOMAN: You fucking kidding me?
- I know.
- They just called me.
- Are you fucking kidding me?
I have work in half an hour.
You said you would take her.
- What am I supposed to do?
- [DOG BARKS]
Hey!
- Jesus!
- MAN: It's a lot of money.
WOMAN: Yeah, dirty money.
And if I don't go to work,
I'll get fucking fired.
You know I need those tips.
- [MAN SPEAKS INDISTINCTLY]
- [PHONE BEEPING]
[PHONE LINE RINGING]
Come on, come on.
Shit.
I'm doing this for you,
I'm doing it for her.
I don't wanna hear
it. You know what?
You wanna do something for us,
just do what you
say you're gonna do.
I'll make it up to you, alright?
WOMAN: Fuck off.
[ENGINE STARTS]
MAN: Sorry about that.
This whole
situation's temporary.
She deserves better.
What about you? You got kids?
I saw you're married.
Been doing this for
a while, haven't you?
I could tell.
Probably got a nice place, huh?
I wanna get something
big for her.
Something like on
a corner street,
one of those big mansions.
If it's not about the job, I
don't need to know, alright?
So where's the meet?
It's about the job.
- It's Wyevale.
- Wyevale?
Jesus Christ, that's far.
I don't know. You
wanna get paid or what?
We're going to Wyevale.
Yeah.
Jesus.
[GRIM MUSIC]
I'm guessing your friend's
gonna be there tonight.
I don't know if you
believe in karma
and I'm no fucking
Buddha, but that shit,
there's no way that's not
gonna catch up to him.
He's a fucking animal, man.
We had everything under control.
You know, nobody had to get
hurt, especially like that.
I don't know what his
fucking problem was.
[GUN COCKING]
Whoa! Hey, what's going on?
What? What? What?
Hey, eyes forward.
What the hell is going on, dude?
[ENGINE REVVING]
It's nothing. I thought
it was something.
Are you carrying?
No.
Should I be?
That's real leather, isn't it?
Yeah.
Cool. It's very nice, man.
What year is this?
'70.
Wow. Fuck, that's
old. [CHUCKLES]
Ancient.
I was born in '70.
Wow. You're... you're
pretty young, actually.
1970. That's not long ago.
It's pretty sweet. Must have
cost you something, huh?
Nope. It was a gift.
A gift?
Holy shit. That's a nice gift.
Wow!
Good Lord, man, the
only gift I ever got
was my first baseball mitt
and that was my brother's
hand-me-down at that.
Clearly, I'm hanging
with the wrong people.
Get out of fucking town.
A cigarette lighter?
Nice, very nice.
Tell me that works.
[SOMBRE MUSIC]
[TRAIN CLATTERING]
You know, that's
what a lot of people
don't get about superheroes.
It's, like, we
can relate to them
a whole lot more
than people think.
Like, I relate a lot.
My kid, though,
she loves Batgirl.
We watch Batman and stuff all
the time. Like, it's so fun.
And, yeah, like, we love
to go to the theme parks.
- Do you go to the theme parks?
- No.
Yeah, I didn't think so.
But if you went, you
would love it, like...
[PHONE BUZZES]
there's just something
about a theme park.
You get to just roam around
and, you know, be
a little kid again.
And now that my kid's
three years old,
it's, like, so fun for us to
do it together and just...
We don't bring my wife
'cause she's a bitch.
You know, she and I love
to dress up for Halloween.
You know, she's
Batgirl and I'm Batman.
We're all into that, you know?
And that's what I love
about Batman, you know?
Face your fears, you know?
And, yeah, it's a good time.
Every time you're
dressing up with your kid,
you know, it's always, like...
Yeah, we're not... we're
not strict on each other.
MAN 2: This is taking too long!
You don't have the
balls, you pussy.
MAN 1: Point the gun at his boy!
- It's two to one!
- Put the fucking gun down now!
You wanna know how
this plays out?
You shoot me, he shoots
him, your son is dead.
You want that? Last
fucking chance!
Dad, just please fucking
listen to him! Please!
MAN 1: Right fucking now.
You want your kid to die?
- He looks a little shaky to me.
- MAN 1: I don't know.
I think he looks a little
fucking trigger happy.
You wanna find the fuck out?
Put the goddamn gun down
or your son gets it.
[TENSE MUSIC]
All the way fucking down.
- [PUTS GUN DOWN]
- Attaboy.
Not so tough now, huh?
Let's go. To the back.
MAN 2: Just give us the
cash and we're gone.
MAN 1: Is that it?
Let's go. Open it up.
- Fucking open it up.
- Just do what he says!
That's right.
Oh, fuck!
- You wanna play these games?
- [MOANS AND YELLS]
- I'm playing these games!
- Stop!
- Stop, you fucking ass!
- Let's not play these games.
Open the fucking safe!
- Stop!
- Let's go!
[BOY MOANING]
MAN 1: I'm tired
of your bullshit.
MAN 2: Easy.
[BOY WINCING]
- [LOCK CLICKING]
- MAN 1: Any fucking day now.
MAN 2: Keep your
fucking head down!
Come on. Let's go!
You know you're not
just stealing from me.
You know that, right?
Hurry the fuck up!
Throw it on the ground.
Let's go. Go.
Let's go. Out.
[PHONE BUZZING]
Who is that?
Seriously, man, what's going on?
- Where are you taking me?
- I already told you, Wyevale.
[PHONE CONTINUES BUZZING]
It's just my wife.
[SCOFFS] Better pick it
up. She's gonna be pissed.
She doesn't like you
working, huh? Is that it?
Yeah, huh, what else
are you gonna do, right?
There's no other fucking
job in this shit-hole town.
Trust me.
[PHONE BUZZES]
You know, I was
gonna be a fireman.
I was gonna rescue people
out of burning buildings
and cats from trees,
all that shit,
then I find out
how much they make,
I'm like, "Fuck that shit!
"If I'm gonna risk my life,
I wanna make some real cash."
What about you? You... you
a rally driver or something?
That shit didn't work out?
- Hmm?
- [PHONE BUZZES]
Close, aren't I?
You know, we don't
have to do this.
Don't have to do what?
Fill every fucking silence.
Sorry.
[STEREO CLICKS]
[OPERA MUSIC PLAYS QUIETLY]
Yeah, or we could
listen to that.
[OPERA MUSIC BUILDS]
What is that?
- What is what?
- Is that a burner?
What's the deal? What's
the problem, man?
What's the matter with you, huh?
Anybody could be tracking that.
Throw it out the
window right now.
No, I'm not throwing it
out the fucking window!
- I just bought this.
- Are you kidding me?
- [WINDOW OPENS]
- Out the window now!
- No, I'll power it...
- [PHONE CLATTERS]
[WINDOW SHUTS]
You fucking happy?
Yes, I'm happy now.
- Goddamn it, man!
- Anybody could be tracking that.
Nobody's tracking my
phone, you paranoid fuck.
If you fuck me on
this, I swear to God...
[OMINOUS MUSIC]
[SHUTS OFF ENGINE]
I gotta call my wife.
What the fuck, man?
What was all that
bullshit about no calling?
What the hell?
Trust is earned, alright?
Get back to me when you've
done more than one fucking job
and we'll talk.
[LINE RINGING]
I was thirsty anyway.
[DOOR THUDS]
- MAN: We said no more detours.
- Who is this?
Stop flapping your
gums and get over here.
- Put Veronica on.
- No names.
And don't keep her waiting.
No, we're not going anywhere
till you tell me what's
going on, alright?
Who's he been talking to?
He had his cellphone with him.
You know, anybody
could be tracking him.
Tell me what you know,
you no-name fuck.
- 25,000.
- What?
- The count was missing 25 grand.
- How do you know that?
Shaun McCarthy,
fucking Frank's kid.
He tipped us off
that his old man
had exactly 900
packed up in his safe.
It's 25 light.
That's it? You're gonna
kill him over 25 grand?
Are you insane?
How do we know for sure
it was even in there?
We're 25 short and someone
is gonna fucking pay.
Who the fuck are you?
Don't turn up without him.
Shit.
[GRUNTS]
[SIGHS HEAVILY]
[UPBEAT FOLK MUSIC PLAYS]
- MAN: Pack of smokes.
- WOMAN: Sorry.
The delivery didn't
come in today.
MAN: What, so you're out?
Yeah, that's what I just said.
The fuck you mean, you're out?
What, you ain't got one
pack of smokes in there?
- You're lying.
- No.
[LINE RINGING]
- WOMAN: Hello.
- Hey, it's me.
- Where are you calling from?
- A pay phone.
Where's your cell?
You're working
again, aren't you?
Jesus, how much did
you lose this time?
Not now, alright,
Hayley? Just...
- [WOMAN SIGHS]
- How's he doing?
- He's fine.
- Yeah? Can you put him on?
Christopher, it's your dad.
- BOY: Dad?
- Hey.
How's it going? How's
Pittsburgh treating you?
- Fine.
- Yeah?
You having any fun? What
have you been up to?
- Um, Pete took me fishing.
- Yeah?
Oh, that's great.
You catch anything?
25-pound flathead.
Whoa! You got a picture?
You gotta give me a picture
or it didn't happen.
Yeah, it's on Pete's
phone, I think.
- Oh, cool.
- I'll send it to you.
It's good to hear your voice.
Hey, I'm gonna come and pick
you up next week, alright?
I hope so.
Hey, I can't talk long.
Will you put your
auntie back on?
Enjoy the rest of
your break, alright?
OK, Dad.
Hey, I love you.
WOMAN: I'm surprised you
remembered the number.
Yeah, it's the same
since we were kids.
He's happy here. You have
a family and a life here.
Listen, hey, I can't
do this right now.
- It's always the same.
- Alright, Hayley?
- It's been a year.
- You don't think I know that?
He needs a fresh start
so he can move on.
I... I gotta go. I gotta go.
Just please think about...
[COINS CLATTER]
- No.
- Oh, yeah, but with this shit...
Oh, my God. Just
fuck off. Get out.
Tasty shit.
Hey, you guys done? I
got somewhere to be.
Hey.
Wait your turn.
[MAN CHUCKLING]
You're doing a
good job, alright?
- Don't worry about these guys.
- Thank you.
- Have a good night.
- You too.
[DOOR OPENS AND SHUTS]
Hey! Hey!
Don't worry about
them. They're assholes.
[CAR DOOR SHUTS]
[ENGINE STARTS]
- [THUD]
- [TYRES SQUEAK]
[LOW TENSE MUSIC]
[GRUNTING]
- [MAN GROANS]
- [COUGHING]
[BREATHES HEAVILY]
[ENGINE STARTS]
[DRINK SLOSHES]
- [MAN GROANS]
- Oh, what the fuck, man?
Oh, you're calling McCarthy.
[DARK MUSIC]
FRANK: You won't
be hard to find.
And when we do find
you, just know this.
- You're a fucking dead man.
- MAN 2: Come on.
Let's go. Come on, come on.
Yeah, you get used to looking
over your shoulder, asshole.
Time's up! Let's fucking go!
The fuck you say to me?
You heard me.
'Cause when we find out who
you are, I swear to God...
Ugh!
Dude, what the hell, man?
No, I didn't hear!
- Ugh!
- Say it again!
[GRUNTING]
Hey, man! Stop, stop!
Let's go. We got we needed.
Back off!
- [GRUNTING]
- Hey, now!
What the fuck is
wrong with you?!
- Hey, hey! Back up, back up!
- What the fuck...
The fuck is wrong
with you, huh?!
This is not what we
fucking talked about!
- Fuck you!
- Get the fuck out of here!
- Let's fucking go.
Let's fucking go!
- We got what we needed.
Let's go.
Fuck!
[EXHALES]
MAN 2: Goddamn it, man.
I mean, what the
fuck was that, man?
MAN 2: Bro, fucking
relax. Let's go.
[GUNSHOTS]
- [TYRES SQUEALING]
- Fuck! Go, go, go!
- We'll fucking find you!
- [GUNSHOT]
Assholes!
[ENGINE REVVING]
[HORN HONKS]
[HORN BLARES]
Shit. Same guys from
the gas station.
Looks like a different vehicle.
[ENGINES REVVING]
[RAP MUSIC PLAYING IN CAR]
Just stay down. Cover your ears.
- Whoa. Hey.
- [WINDOW OPENS]
[ENGINE RUMBLING]
[RAP MUSIC PLAYING]
[WINDOW CLOSES]
Are we good? Are we
being followed or what?
I thought so, but I
think we're clear.
I mean, well, you could
put your gun back.
[LATCH CLICKS]
Hey, just so you know...
he's no friend of mine.
Who are you talking about?
That piece of shit
you were working with,
you called him my friend.
You worked with him before?
Yeah.
Never again.
I've never seen somebody get
fucked up like that before, man.
Not like that, not up close.
I mean, I keep playing that
shit over and over in my head,
just boots just
hitting his skull.
I mean, I should've stepped in.
I should've stopped
him or something.
You couldn't have stopped him.
He's a fucking animal,
just like you said.
That shit is on him.
He lost his cool.
You did your part.
Just let it go.
[SIGHS]
I'm not saying
McCarthy deserved it,
but he laundered a
shit-ton of money
for a ton of shitty
people, so... fuck him too.
Yeah.
Fuck him.
Hey, listen, what happened
back at that gas station...
I don't... I don't make a
habit of doing that shit.
I... I just drive.
They just caught
me on a bad day.
Huh, I should say.
- [TYRES SQUEALING]
- [HORNS TOOT]
[SIREN WAILING]
What'd you do? What the
fuck happened back there?!
[ENGINES REVVING]
[GRUNTS] Fuck!
Fucking kid freaked out
is what happened, man!
That piece of shit got
what he fucking deserved.
Shut the fuck up!
[SIRENS BLARING]
Yeah, well, I think you
fucking killed him, man!
- Jesus!
- Fuck you! Shut the fuck up!
That asshole owes my brother
a lot of fucking money!
[SIRENS BLARING]
Well, you did too and you
fucking got shot, you idiot!
We fucking got the
job done, didn't we?
Shut the fuck up!
[ENGINE REVVING]
[SOLEMN MUSIC]
[SIREN WAILS]
- [SIREN WAILING]
- Shit.
What do they want, man?
Jesus, we weren't speeding.
This thing's not stolen, is it?
No, it isn't stolen.
Don't say anything stupid.
I don't want them
to search the car.
[INDISTINCT CHATTER
ON POLICE RADIO]
- Evening, fellas. Licence.
- Officer.
- Nice car.
- Thank you.
I'm looking for a
car just like this.
Yeah, they're getting rarer
to come by these days.
Yeah, they are. Not
many in this area.
- No.
- You from out of town?
Uh, yeah, just
outside of Ashland.
In fact, I picked this up at
a classic dealer up that way.
I didn't say I was
looking to buy.
I said I'm looking
for a car like this,
a black 1970 Chevelle,
last seen at a gas
station a few miles back.
Oh, we haven't been to any
gas stations this evening.
- Mn-mn.
- Is that right?
- No, sir.
- The clerk called it in.
Said there was an altercation.
Well, I hope everybody's OK.
We like to keep the
peace around these parts.
Yes, sir.
That blood on your jacket?
Uh... Oh, yeah.
He just gets nose bleeds
every now and then.
Hey, am I talking to you?
Wait, wait. Ain't
you Keith's kid?
Shit, that is you.
It's Jacob, right?
Jake, yeah. What's up, Carl?
Last time I saw you,
you must have been 11
or 12 at the Crescent.
Your old man loved that bar.
- Always brought you in.
- [JAKE CHUCKLES] Yeah.
You know it's a parking
lot now, would you believe?
[MOTORCYCLE ENGINES REVVING]
Goddamn rubbernecks.
How your old man doing?
Haven't seen him in years.
Oh, man, he's doing great.
Yeah, still bowling
every Friday night.
I bet. I tell you what.
Get him to give me a
call. It's been too long.
Yeah, he'd like that.
Shit.
Alright, fellas, I'm gonna
let you be on your way.
Tell Keith I look
forward to catching up.
Thank you. Have a good night.
Get that nose bleed looked at.
Yes, sir.
Your old man's a cop, huh?
No, far from it.
He's just an old drinking buddy.
Fucking small town.
[ENGINE STARTS]
[SOFT PENSIVE MUSIC]
Dad used to take me
and my brother here.
Used to have this roller-coaster
called the Crusher.
So fun, man.
We'd wait hours just to
get 30 seconds on it.
So worth it.
He'd leave us there all day.
There was a dog track
about a mile from here.
Never knew what mood
he was gonna be in
when he picked us up.
Is he still around?
Fuck if I know. It's been
years since I've seen him.
Hm.
Probably drank himself to death.
I don't even remember
what he looks like.
The way I figured it is I
can end up just like him,
you know, the way
everyone expects,
or I could say,
"Fuck that shit,"
do my own thing, do it better,
simple as that.
No, I know. Look
who's talking, right?
But all this, everything
I'm up to right now is...
so Hayley has a
better shot, you know?
'Cause she ain't never gonna
forget what I look like.
That's for fucking sure.
[PHONE BUZZES]
That your wife?
- Yeah.
- [PHONE KEYS CLACKING]
She's not happy when
I'm running late.
Fuck, I know that feeling.
[MOTORCYCLE ENGINES REVVING]
You know it's not fair, right?
You know my name now
and I don't know yours.
Would it kill you just
to call yourself John
or Ryan or anything?
Yeah, it's John Ryan.
Good guess, actually.
[MOTORCYCLE ENGINES REVVING]
Didn't these guys
pass us before?
Yeah, I think so.
[TENSE MUSIC]
[WINDOW OPENS]
[MOTORCYCLE REVVING]
[ENGINE REVVING]
[TENSE MUSIC BUILDS]
Fuck.
Shit. He's coming up on us.
Holy shit, he's got a gun!
- RIDER: Pull over!
- JAKE: Fuck!
JOHN: Get up.
[ENGINE REVVING]
[GUNFIRE]
Why are they trying to kill us?
[MOTORCYCLES REVVING]
- [GUN CLICKS]
- Shit! I'm empty.
Check... check the glove box.
JAKE: I got you, I got you.
No, no, no! Shit!
It's empty too, man.
There's nothing else. Shit!
We're good in here, right?
[ENGINE REVVING]
Where are those guys?
Come on.
Let's go.
There's no route this way!
[JAKE EXCLAIMS] Shit!
What? What? What?
Keep it going, man!
- JOHN: Shit.
- [MOTORCYCLES REVVING]
Fuck.
[TURNS OFF ENGINE]
This can't be the
plan, man, right?
I mean, can't we, like,
run them over or something?
- Put your hands out the window.
- JAKE: What?
Just put your hands
out the fucking window!
Put your hands where
I can see them.
And move slowly towards me.
I can't die, man. I
can't fucking die.
I c...
Just be cool and get out.
[LOW OMINOUS MUSIC]
SHAUN: Come on, slowly.
Good.
You, roll down your sleeves.
What?
I said pull down
your fucking sleeves!
We got you.
We fucking got you.
JAKE: Shit.
We got him!
[TURNS OFF MOTOR]
You're not so fucking tough
without your fucking
shotgun, are you?
Fuck, here we go.
MAN: Yeah.
Is that him?
Say something.
What do you want me to say?
Tell me you're gonna...
blow my fucking head off.
Say it.
I'm gonna blow your
fucking head off.
It's not him, man. It's not him.
He's just the driver, man.
I was there, I can tell
you that's not him.
I don't know the guy's name,
who you're looking for,
but I can tell
you we had no idea
he was gonna pull that
fucking shit out, OK?
What about you?
You know his name?
JOHN: No.
What about my money?
You know what
happened to my money?
No, they don't tell me
that shit. I'm the driver.
FRANK: Hmm.
[CHUCKLES]
[GRUNTS]
[JOHN GROANS AND COUGHS]
FRANK: You don't have
a lot to say, do you?
What if I gouge your
fucking eyes out?
Will you talk then?
[GRUNTS]
Oh, look at that.
Maybe you got a wife.
Maybe I should pay
her a call, huh?
You fucking...
You, get down on your
fucking hands and knees.
SHAUN: Get down on
your fucking knees.
The fuck you looking here for?
Get on your fucking knees!
Can... can we please
talk about this?
FRANK: Hmm, OK.
I had a little...
I had a little head
injury recently
so I wanna be quite
sure I got this clear.
You don't have my money,
don't know the name of the guy
that turned my head
into a fucking piñata.
We can figure that out.
We can find the guy.
We can find his name, give
you the money, all that.
- But if you kill us...
- If I kill you?
If I kill you?
[CHUCKLES]
I thought I made it clear
that nobody steals from
me and gets to live.
Nobody? What about him?
The fuck you talking about?
Is he the exception,
this piece of shit, huh?
Why don't you ask your boy
how they knew what was
in the safe, Frank.
- Shut the fuck up!
- Huh? Go ahead, Frank.
Ask him about his deal.
- Dad, he's a fucking liar.
- Why don't you tell him, Shaun?
How much of the cut
had your name on it?
- Don't listen to this shit!
- I'm guessing half.
- Think it was half?
- Shut the fuck up!
- I'm thinking half.
- Shut the fuck up.
You fucked me over?
No. No, no, no.
It's not like that.
- It's not.
- Don't you lie to me.
- I'm not.
- Don't you fucking lie to me.
You fucking weasel.
FRANK: My own son.
You piece of shit.
[TREMBLING]
You should have... you
should have killed me.
You should have
fucking killed me!
I didn't want to fucking
kill you, alright?
That was the fucking
deal! You fucked it up!
Why'd you say you
wanted him dead?
- I didn't fucking say that.
- Bullshit!
You said you wanted him dead.
You shut the fuck
up. Shut the fuck up!
- "Kill him and take it all."
- Stop fucking lying!
Hey, I heard, "Kill
him, take it all.".
That's what I heard, Frank.
- He said...
- Fuck!
- Alright.
- SHAUN: Hey!
Fuck!
[JOHN GROANS]
Now, we kill these fucks
and then we talk.
[GRUNTING]
SHAUN: Dad, hold him!
Ugh!
[GRUNTING AND THUDDING]
[STRAINING]
[MOANING]
Ugh!
[PANTING]
[SOLEMN MUSIC]
You did good.
[JAKE COUGHS]
- [SIGHS]
- [DOOR SHUTS]
[BREATHES HEAVILY]
[LATCH CLICKS]
Oh...
[BREATHING SHAKILY]
[STAMMERS]
[LIGHTS CLICKING]
[COUGHS]
[ENGINE STARTS]
[COUGHING AND WHEEZING]
- You OK?
- Mm-hm. [COUGHING]
Hey, what's going
on? What's going on?
- [WHEEZES]
- Hey, hey.
What's going on? You alright?
I can't... [COUGHS]
- Huh? What?
- I can't... I can't breathe.
Just sit back, sit
back, sit back.
- I need my inhaler.
- Hey, hey, hey.
Listen to me, listen to me.
- I need my inhaler.
- Just breathe, breathe.
- I can't...
- Just take a breath.
- Take a breath, take a breath.
- [COUGHING]
- Hey, hey, just... just relax.
- I need my inhaler.
I can't...
Where the fuck is it? [COUGHS]
I need it.
Hey, calm down, calm down.
Just breathe, breathe,
alright? Just relax.
Alright, just... Hey, hey.
Think about your
daughter, alright?
It's Hayley, yeah?
[JAKE GRUNTS AND COUGHS]
I remember you saying that
because that's my sister's name.
Hayley, it's a pretty name.
- Just relax, OK?
- [COUGHING]
Just breathe.
[JAKE BREATHES SHAKILY]
[WHEEZES AND COUGHS]
- [BREATHING SHAKILY]
- Calm down.
[BREATHING SLOWER]
You OK?
Man... I can't have
you dying in here.
This is my father's car.
This was his pride and joy.
You OK?
[JAKE BREATHING HEAVILY]
Can you tell me about him?
Yeah, he was nice.
Kinda too nice, you know?
That was his weakness.
He always saw the
best in everyone.
JAKE: That doesn't
sound like a weakness.
Well, people are assholes.
You know, they take advantage.
He'd go out of his
way to help everyone,
spread himself too thin.
It nearly cost him his marriage.
[TENDER MUSIC]
I remember when I went
away for a few years,
I asked him not
to, but he would...
he would drive five hours
round trip every weekend
for a 20-minute
visitation, every weekend.
And he had every reason to look
at me like a piece of shit,
but he never did.
He just kept me going.
Yeah, well...
The rest of my family
wasn't so kind.
Anyway, this is all
I got left of him.
So don't slam the doors.
[CHUCKLES SOFTLY]
[JAKE CHUCKLES AND GRUNTS]
You alright?
Yeah.
I'm alright.
They were gonna kill us.
You know that, right?
There's nothing we
could have said.
You did the right thing.
If you didn't do what you did,
we'd both be laying down out
there face down right now
instead of them.
OK?
[JAKE SIGHS]
I gotta make a phone call,
let them know we're
gonna be late.
- [OPERA PLAYS QUIETLY ON STEREO]
- Just relax, keep breathing.
[DOOR SHUTS]
[OPERA MUSIC CONTINUES]
[LINE RINGING]
MAN: Alright, smart-ass,
where the fuck are you?
You put her on. No more
fucking around. Put her on!
Oh, this better be good.
- Yeah, he's on.
- VERONICA: You're late.
Did you know Frank
was still alive?
- What?
- Well, he was.
I don't know how
they tracked us down,
but this shit didn't end well.
This mess keeps getting worse.
None of this shit
would have happened
if Leon hadn't acted
like a goddamn maniac.
And now Shaun is dead,
he doesn't need his cut.
So who gives a shit
about a missing 25 grand?
Why can't we just call this?
Are you telling me
how to run things?
Is that what you do now?
Do me a favour. Don't forget
who you're talking to.
Listen, I understand.
It's just that...
This kid, he handled
himself well.
He had my back. He was great.
Can't we just call this?
Bring him to me. I
just wanna talk to him.
Turn up without him
and you're gonna wish
that Frank had killed you.
[HANGS UP]
[OPERA MUSIC CONTINUES
ON CAR STEREO]
[SNIFFS AND EXHALES]
[GRUNTS]
[FOOTSTEPS APPROACH]
I found your thing.
Thanks.
Where'd you get that?
- You going through my shit?
- No, it fell out.
This your son?
Yeah.
What's he, like... seven, eight?
No, he's about 15 now.
- 15?
- Mm-hm.
JAKE: Hey.
JOHN: Hmm. [CHUCKLES SOFTLY]
Wow.
Hey, uh, I just...
wanna say thanks for...
helping me breathe there.
- Yep.
- Thanks.
[ENGINE STARTS]
[SIRENS WAILING IN DISTANCE]
[BRAKES SQUEAKING]
[TYRES SKID]
[SIRENS WAILING]
- [LINE RINGING]
- [LEON COUGHING]
Yeah, we just landed.
They're headed your way.
He's gonna need stitching up.
I'll deal with the car.
JAKE: Jesus fucking Christ!
What are we gonna do
about that shit, huh?!
Keep your voice
down. Help him out.
[GRUNTS]
LEON: Don't you
fucking touch me.
JAKE: Let's go.
You got two minutes
to get to the pickup.
I got it, I got it.
[TENSE MUSIC]
[PHONE BLIPS]
Do you still take
your kid fishing?
Yeah, from time to time.
Yeah, I mean, I used
to go up... Mill Creek.
There's some good
carp over there.
My dad was the only one that
caught the fish, though.
I'd hold the camera.
We'd go out, like,
every Sunday morning.
He'd show up at the door
in this shitty car...
honking a mile away.
He was always late.
Huh.
One day I was sitting
in the driveway
a little longer than usual.
An hour goes by.
Another hour.
And I just knew he
wasn't gonna show up.
And he didn't...
12 years ago.
Who fucking just disappears
on their kid like
that, you know?
[SNIFFLES] I'm
gonna take Hayley,
go make some new memories,
pave right over the old ones.
Ad Meliora.
Latin or some shit. It
means 'new beginnings'.
My mom had it tatted on her arm.
She probably didn't
even know what it meant.
[CHUCKLES]
I liked it. It gave
me hope, you know?
Made me think of a new future.
Yeah, I think it's,
"Semper ad meliora."
"Towards better things."
It's nice.
What else is your kid into?
He's a teenager.
He likes to drive fast.
I take him out in
this sometimes.
This will be his one day.
Ah, lucky him.
It's a nice car to learn in.
Be careful, though.
He's gonna be stealing your keys
and taking those girls out soon.
[CHUCKLES]
Is he already doing that?
Oh, man, I am not
looking forward
to Hayley being that age.
Stuff I was doing at 15? Mn-mn.
I'm gonna be scaring
off every asshole
that comes knocking, man.
Patting my hand with a
baseball bat, redneck style.
Ain't nobody's good
enough for her.
[PHONE BLIPS]
Not in this town anyway.
[SIGHS]
I just hope she never finds
out I killed somebody.
At least that's for sure.
So much for Batman.
[SNIFFS]
[RAIN POURING]
Where would you go?
What?
You said you wanted
to get out of here.
Start a better life with
you and your daughter.
Where would you go?
I don't think I'm
supposed to tell you that.
See, I'm catching on.
Just forget all
that shit, alright?
Have you got someplace
where you got family?
Someplace you can go?
Anywhere you... you
could go if you had to?
Man, you've gotta be thinking
about your next move, alright?
What are you talking about?
[HORN HONKING]
Hey, we've gotta go, man.
- [HORNS BLARING]
- You've got a green.
[HORNS HONKING]
You OK?
[SOLEMN MUSIC]
- [HORN HONKS]
- MAN: Yo!
You lost?
Oh, this joker.
After you.
Glad to see he made
a quick recovery.
Fucking ass.
[ENGINE REVVING]
[OMINOUS MUSIC BUILDS]
[PHONE BLIPS]
Fuck it.
JAKE: Nice place.
Phew!
[THUNDER RUMBLING]
Alright?
She's waiting.
JAKE: Better make a run for it.
Hey, hey...
MAN: She ain't happy.
Alright, hold up, gentlemen.
- Come on.
- [GROANS]
- Easy, asshole.
- Whoa. Sorry.
Got a boo-boo there, princess?
OK.
You, come on. Spread them, kid.
Alright.
What the fuck is this?
- It's my inhaler.
- He needs it.
Right.
Come on.
Alright.
The fuck happened to you?
Come on. You're late.
You know that pisses
her off, right?
Jimmy, nice work on
the Highland job.
- MAN 2: Cheers, boss.
- Don't fuck up the next one.
Oi, back to work, motherfucker!
MAN 3: Yeah, yeah, I'm doing it.
Fuck me. Amateurs.
[CHATTER ON PHONE]
And what part of that
is my fucking problem?
If you did your job
in the first place,
he wouldn't be
sitting in a jail cell
right now ready to talk.
Just finish what you started.
Morons.
You made it!
Hell of a night.
We've not met.
You know who I am?
Yeah. I mean, yes, ma'am.
Good. Tanner had a
lot to say about you.
I only work with people
who come recommended.
Must be nice to finally
make some real money.
Yeah, very thankful for
the, uh, opportunities.
Yeah, well, you
held yourself well.
You keep doing what you're
doing and you'll go places.
Thanks.
You had an eventful
journey, I hear.
Oh, it was eventful.
Any idea how they found us?
No, this town has some
big mouths. You know that.
So you killed Shaun?
- Yeah, he did good.
- Yeah.
Yeah, well, better
off without him.
He sold out his own
father for what? 200?
Daddy issues, I'm sure.
Probably just wanted to
see him taken down a peg.
You know...
that conscience of yours
is gonna get you nowhere.
You like spiders?
No, actually.
It's a stupid face-your-fears
kind of thing.
My daughter actually makes
me wear long sleeves.
- I'll probably change it.
- Yeah.
What would you get?
I don't know. I was
thinking maybe an eagle.
Oh, bird of prey!
Yeah, not afraid of birds, then?
- Not birds.
- Nah, beautiful creatures.
So many different species,
each with their own
unique characteristics.
A bird in nature,
now, that is the ultimate
symbol of freedom.
Well, let me ask you something.
One suddenly flies
into your home
and starts squawking at you
from the kitchen counter.
What do you do?
You lose your fucking
mind. That's what!
You leave the room,
you lock the door,
you panic, they panic.
They become unpredictable
because it's not their habitat.
It's not where they belong.
So let me ask you...
is this where you belong
or are you unpredictable?
[SINISTER MUSIC RISES]
No, I... I belong.
I mean, I think this is...
I'm just fucking with you. I
do with all the new recruits.
Alright, let's get
down to it. 75 each.
And 50 for the recruit.
[BAG THUDS]
Thanks.
Hey, new guy.
Aren't you gonna count it?
- I'm good. I trust you guys.
- VERONICA: Oh, come on.
It's our first time
working together.
Let me give you
a word of advice.
Never be too polite
to count your take.
- I mean, it's... it's no problem.
- There should be 50 in there.
Go ahead. Count. You earned it.
If that's OK with you?
No, I insist.
[PAPER RUSTLING]
There's only 25 in here.
25? Not 50?
Yeah, I mean, I
counted it twice.
Oh, that's right. I gave
you an advance on that 25.
You know, that money,
probably been spending
all around town.
It could be traceable.
You see, we have a process here
and you fucked up that process.
What are you talking about?
What is she talking about?
What you looking at him for?
He's not gonna help you.
I didn't steal
any fucking money.
I'm not that stupid, OK?
I would never do that
to you guys, alright?
I wouldn't, OK?
Jesus fucking Christ.
I mean, fuck, I would
never fucking steal...
- Hey, get off him!
- [JAKE GRUNTING]
Get off him!
[GRUNTING]
Get the fuck off him.
You don't know what
was in Frank's safe!
You weren't there.
You don't know.
Get him up.
You gonna trust
Shaun over the kid?
[JAKE COUGHING]
Let him up! He said
he didn't do it!
[THUDDING AND GRUNTING]
[JAKE COUGHING AND WHEEZING].
He can't breathe.
Give him his pipe.
This?
[JAKE GRUNTING AND WHEEZING]
He can't breathe!
Let him up!
Please...
Get off him!
I can't die, man.
JOHN: Let him up! Oh!
Take the money from my cut!
- Fuck, get off of him!
- [JAKE COUGHING]
Get off him!
Enough!
Just listen to him.
Just let him talk.
[COCKS GUN] Leon.
Leon, stay the fuck out of it.
VERONICA: He fucked
you over too.
You do the honours.
Leon, stay the fuck
out of it. Leon!
LEON: Oh! Oh, fuck!
What the fuck, man?!
"No-one gets hurt," I said.
I'm putting out fires here
and you're starting new ones.
Frank was holding money
for a lot of people.
If anyone finds out about
my part in this thing,
you started a war...
I'm sorry.
A war you won't
be around to see.
No, please!
Help, please!
[DRAMATIC MUSIC BUILDS]
You know, you're alright.
You're a thieving piece of
shit, but I kinda like you.
[GRUNTS] He said
he didn't take it.
You could've made
some serious money,
but you got greedy.
You see, my business
is built on trust.
And if I can't trust you...
[COUGHING]
Oh, fuck.
I can't leave her.
I can't leave her!
Then you're fuckin' dead to me.
Fuck! Oh!
[SORROWFUL MUSIC]
Now, you wanna die tonight
or you wanna get paid?
You vindictive bitch.
Alright, back off him.
Keep that phone on
you. I'll be in touch.
Take it.
Alright, I want
those bodies moved.
I want the bikes ditched.
[SORROWFUL MUSIC CONTINUES]
[THUNDER RUMBLING, RAIN POURING]
[COUGHING AND RETCHING]
[BREATHING HEAVILY]
[ENGINE STARTS]
[ENGINE ROARING]
[TYRES SQUEALING]
[BRAKES SQUEAK]
[GRUNTING]
MAN: Hey!
Going somewhere?
[ENGINE REVVING]
- Fuck.
- [METAL CLANGS]
[TYRES SQUEALING]
[GUNSHOTS]
Fuck! Fuck!
[ENGINE REVVING IN DISTANCE]
[TYRES SQUEAL IN DISTANCE]
[TYRES SCREECHING]
Huh!
[DRAMATIC MUSIC]
[TYRES SQUEAL]
[ENGINES REVVING]
You wanna fucking dance?
[HORN BLARES]
[HORNS HONKING]
Fuck!
Arggh!
[SIRENS BLARING]
- [GUNFIRE]
- [HORN BLARES]
[GUNFIRE CONTINUES]
Fuck you!
- [GUN CLICKS]
- Ugh!
[GRUNTING]
[ENGINES ROARING]
[SOMBRE MUSIC]
[SOBBING]
Oh, fuck!
[THUDDING AND GRUNTING]
[GROANS]
[MAN'S VOICE ECHOES] It feels
like you've been avoiding me...
been avoiding me...
Hey, Eric.
My buddy here's a driver too.
Go ahead.
Tell Eric where we're heading.
I don't have it, Janko.
I need more time.
There's a job I can take
in a couple of weeks.
I just need time
to clean the money.
You got two minutes
to get to the pickup.
I got it, I got it.
For old times' sake,
next time we meet,
you better have my cash.
[THUNDER RUMBLES]
You just gonna let him go?
No, I just wanted him to
hurt a little bit longer.
[JANKO'S VOICE ECHOES]
Remember... remember...
you always have more to lose.
Say hi to your boy for me.
[SOBBING SILENTLY]
[BREATHING SHAKILY]
Oh, fuck!
[BREATHES HEAVILY] Fuck.
[ENGINE REVVING]
[CRASH!] [GROANING]
[SINISTER MUSIC]
[GRUNTING] Oh, fuck!
[SIRENS WAILING IN DISTANCE]
[GUN COCKING]
[SIRENS WAILING]
[TENSE MUSIC BUILDS]
[GUN CLICKS]
[EXHALES]
OK.
Yeah, it's done.
VERONICA: What about the money?
Oh, shit. Yeah, hang on.
Get the fuck out.
Yeah, it's all there.
- [VERONICA SPEAKS INDISTINCTLY]
- [GUN CLICKS]
[CHUCKLES]
VERONICA: Hello?
Still with me?
You're still breathing.
Good for you.
You know, you should
have come to me
about your debt with Janko.
I would have given you the
money, no questions asked.
But did you really think
you could steal from me?
If you knew it was me,
why would you kill him?
Huh? Why did you kill the kid?!
I killed him?
You knew what was
waiting for him.
You had plenty of
chances to come forward.
I read people. That's
how I got to where I am.
The kid was soft.
You saw it yourself.
Oh, he was fine running
drugs for Tanner
and all that
small-time bullshit,
but he would have caved,
gone running to the cops
or gotten someone killed
for not doing what it
takes to get shit done.
But you, you are the one person
I've never been able to read.
Your wife, she gets mowed down,
left for dead by some
low-life crack whore
and you don't do shit about it.
Don't talk about my wife.
I tracked her down for you.
I gifted her to you
on a fucking plate.
So much rage behind the eyes.
But you couldn't unleash it.
Instead, you begged me
to let her go! [CHUCKLES]
Yeah.
I never understood you.
But now I see
exactly who you are.
You are fucking cold.
And now you got that
kid's blood on your hands.
Now, it's been a long night,
so I'll spare you the big
speech about hunting you down.
You know how this ends.
Yeah, I know how it works.
I know your every movement.
I know everybody
you've fucked over.
This whole town's
gonna know soon.
You're living on
borrowed time, lady,
so you better find me.
You won't make it
through the night.
You got nowhere to go.
You better kill me quick.
[PHONE BEEPS]
[SOMBRE MUSIC]
Fuck!
Fuck! [GRUNTS]
[RAIN POURING]
[BREATHING HEAVILY]
[PHONE BEEPS]
[LINE RINGING]
MAN: This is Officer Morales.
- Hello?
- The kid is dead.
What?
The old auto shop in Wyevale.
OK, slow down. Who's
dead? What's going on?
The kid, Jake. He's dead.
We're gonna dispatch a
unit to that location.
Who is this?
[PHONE CLATTERS]
[ENGINE STARTS]
[MOURNFUL MUSIC]
[GENTLE SORROWFUL MUSIC]
[GRUNTS]
[ENGINE REVVING]
GIRL: Daddy, are you home?
[UNEASY MUSIC]
[MOODY GUITAR MUSIC]
♪ I took the high road ♪
♪ The one less travelled ♪
♪ A new beginning ♪
♪ We're on our way ♪
♪ Things were so doubtful ♪
♪ But now we're made of gold ♪
♪ Don't hate the
player, hate the game ♪
♪ Ooh ♪
♪ Ooh-ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh-ooh ♪
♪ We sailed the seven seas ♪
♪ Fought a million waves ♪
♪ I knew that we ♪
♪ We would make it home safe ♪
♪ We cut our teeth ♪
♪ On razor blades ♪
♪ Now suddenly ♪
♪ We're back home safe ♪
♪ We're back home safe,
we're back home safe ♪
♪ We drove for miles ♪
♪ And went on trial ♪
♪ Can't tame the beast
so just watch him play ♪
♪ Some say survival ♪
♪ Is not the only goal ♪
♪ Well, I'm about
to make it rain ♪
♪ Ooh ♪
♪ Ooh-ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh-ooh ♪
♪ We sailed the seven seas ♪
♪ Fought a million waves ♪
♪ I knew that we ♪
♪ We'd make it home safe ♪
♪ We cut our teeth ♪
♪ On razor blades ♪
♪ Now suddenly ♪
♪ We're back home safe ♪
♪ We're back home safe. ♪